Support for instance rebuild (#11687)
canonical/lxd: doc/howto/instances_manage.md

- To protect a specific instance from being deleted, set [`security.protection.delete`](instance-options-security) to `true` for the instance.
  See {ref}`instances-configure` for instructions.

> ### Rebuild an instance

Reviewer: Wrong indentation (always check the output ;) ).

If you want to keep the same instance configuration, but you want to freshly start with a new instance content, you have the option to rebuild it.

> Once you have stopped your instance and that you ensured that the instance has no snapshots, you can proceed with the rebuild operation. It can be done in three different ways:

Reviewer: Why would I check for snapshots? There's some information missing here.
Add something like "You can only rebuild instances that have no snapshots, because ..."

- Rebuild the instance with its original image (the one used to create the instance).

>         lxc rebuild [<remote>:]<instance_name>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        lxc rebuild <instance_name>
```
We keep the examples in the doc simple, so we leave out the [<remote>:] where it's not really relevant. We can always point to `lxc rebuild --help` for full information.

- Rebuild the instance with a new image.

        lxc rebuild [<remote>:]<image_name> [<remote>:]<instance_name>

> - Rebuild the instance as empty.

Reviewer: What does "as empty" mean?

- To protect a specific instance from being deleted, set [`security.protection.delete`](instance-options-security) to `true` for the instance.
  See {ref}`instances-configure` for instructions.

## Rebuild an instance

> If you want to keep the same instance configuration, but you want to freshly start with a new instance filesystem, you have the option to rebuild it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to wipe the file system of your instance but keep the instance configuration, you can rebuild the instance.
```

> Before rebuilding an instance, you need to stop it. Also, you can only rebuild instances that have no snapshots. The reason is that rebuilding all the snapshots will require an advanced storage driver logic per backend (e.g, ZFS doesn’t allow us to delete a dataset when there are snapshots associated to it because they are inextricably linked with the original dataset (because of the CoW nature of these snapshots)) that we chose to not implement.
> 
> Once these conditions are fulfilled, you can proceed with the rebuild operation. It can be done in three different ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rebuilding is only possible for instances that do not have any snapshots.
The reason for this limitation is that rebuilding an instance would also require rebuilding all snapshots, which would need advanced logic for each storage driver (because the storage drivers use very different methods for implementing snapshots).
Therefore, if your instance has snapshots, you must delete the snapshots before you can rebuild the instance.

Stop your instance before rebuilding it. 
Then enter one of the following commands:
```

> - Rebuild the instance with its original image (the one used to create the instance).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rebuild the instance with its original image (the one that was used to create the instance):
```

Reviewer: The exact same image? Or might it be a newer version of the image?

Author: the exact same one (it uses the fingerprint)

        lxc rebuild <instance_name>

> - Rebuild the instance with a new image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rebuild the instance with a different image:
```

        lxc rebuild <image_name> <instance_name>

> - Rebuild the instance as empty (no rootfs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rebuild the instance with an empty file system (no rootfs):
```

- To protect a specific instance from being deleted, set [`security.protection.delete`](instance-options-security) to `true` for the instance.
  See {ref}`instances-configure` for instructions.

## Rebuild an instance

> If you want to wipe the file system of your instance but keep the instance configuration, you can rebuild the instance.

Reviewer 2: > If you want to wipe and re-initialize the root disk of your instance....

Rebuilding is only possible for instances that do not have any snapshots.
The reason for this limitation is that rebuilding an instance would also require rebuilding all snapshots, which would need advanced logic for each storage driver (because the storage drivers use very different methods for implementing snapshots).
Therefore, if your instance has snapshots, you must delete the snapshots before you can rebuild the instance.

Stop your instance before rebuilding it.
Then enter one of the following commands:

> - Rebuild the instance with its original image (the one that was used to create the instance):

Reviewer 2: Should we add something like "Or if the instance was created as empty, it will be rebuilt as empty"?

Author: sure ;)

        lxc rebuild <instance_name>

- Rebuild the instance with a different image:

        lxc rebuild <image_name> <instance_name>

> - Rebuild the instance with an empty file system (no rootfs):

Reviewer 2: > Rebuild the instance with an empty root disk:

        lxc rebuild <instance_name> --empty

> - For more information about the `rebuild` command, see `lxc rebuild --help`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the `rebuild` command, see `lxc rebuild --help`.
```
Sorry, missed that one. This is not an additional command, so no bullet point.

- To protect a specific instance from being deleted, set [`security.protection.delete`](instance-options-security) to `true` for the instance.
  See {ref}`instances-configure` for instructions.

> ### Rebuild an instance

Reviewer 2: @ru-fu please can you take a look at this?

If you want to keep the same instance configuration, but you want to freshly start with a new instance content, you have the option to rebuild it.

Once you have stopped your instance and that you ensured that the instance has no snapshots, you can proceed with the rebuild operation. It can be done in three different ways:

- Rebuild the instance with its original image (the one used to create the instance).
- Rebuild the instance with a new image.
- Rebuild the instance as empty.

```

> user@workstation:~$ lxc list

Reviewer 2: This `lxc list` bit is probably not needed for the demonstration of usage.

+---------+---------+-----------------------+-----------------------------------------------+-----------+-----------+
|  NAME   |  STATE  |         IPV4          |                     IPV6                      |   TYPE    | SNAPSHOTS |
+---------+---------+-----------------------+-----------------------------------------------+-----------+-----------+
| c1      | RUNNING | 10.131.188.152 (eth0) | fd42:cf18:4dc3:87f7:216:3eff:fe83:dd60 (eth0) | CONTAINER | 0         |
+---------+---------+-----------------------+-----------------------------------------------+-----------+-----------+

> user@workstation:~$ lxc stop c1                            # We need to stop the instance before rebuilding it.

Reviewer 2: Can you follow the existing command examples, I don't think we include the user@workstation bit, for example.
